Update docs (#1647)
foundry-rs/starknet-foundry: docs/src/projects/configuration.md

## `sncast`

### Defining Profiles in `snfoundry.toml`

To be able to work with the network, you need to supply `sncast` with a few parameters —
namely the rpc node url and an account name that should be used to interact with it.
This can be done
by either supplying `sncast` with those parameters directly [see more detailed CLI description,](../appendix/sncast.md)
or you can put them into `snfoundry.toml` file:

```toml
# ...
[sncast.myprofile]
account = "user"
accounts-file = "~/my_accounts.json"
url = "http://127.0.0.1:5050/rpc"
# ...
```

With `snfoundry.toml` configured this way, we can just pass `--profile myprofile` argument to make sure `sncast` uses parameters
defined in the profile.

> 📝 **Note**

> > `Scarb.toml` file has to be present in current or any of the parent directories.
> > Alternatively, you can also point to `Scarb.toml` path with `--path-to-scarb-toml <PATH>` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `snfoundry.toml` file has to be present in current or any of the parent directories.
```

> 📝 **Note**

> > If there is a profile with the same name in Scarb.toml, scarb will use this profile. If not, scarb will default to using the dev profile.

Reviewer: Can we highlight that this only affects the `declare` and `script` commands?

Author: done in https://github.com/foundry-rs/starknet-foundry/pull/1647/commits/239fee695100fdb98bd9d0dabd8d0a24ede91e3d , please check if the working etc is correct
